
 From the e-Activity, compare and contrast the methods that states use within their selection process for judges, and specify the selection criteria that each state that you reviewed have in common. Provide specific examples to support your rationale.
Identify at least two (2) risks associated with selecting judges via a non-partisan election process. Explain the key reasons why you believe each risk could potentially inhibit the fairness of trials. Provide specific examples to support your rationale. 






I live in Texas so I chose it to review. In 1845 the judges in Texas were appointed by the Governor with the consent of the senate. Starting in 1876 judges on all levels have been elected by the people through the partisan elections. In the state of Texas in order to keep judges from receiving large numbers of contributions from one person or parties before them, the state of Texas passed the Judicial Fairness Campaign Act in 1995, this act limits individual contributions to any one candidate in statewide elections to $5,000 from individuals and $30,000 from law firms.

The next state is Hawaii. In Hawaii judges are picked through a variation of selection processes. When it comes to appellate and circuit courts the Governor appoints them from a list of candidates supplied by the judicial selection commission. As for the district and family court judges they are appoint by the chief justice. All appointees must then be approved by the senate.

Both of these states have similar ways of selecting judges except for Hawaii having a list to chose from and Texas having its people vote on the judges.

http://www.judicialselection.us/judicial_selection/index.cfm?state=tx 

http://www.judicialselection.us/judicial_selection/index.cfm?state=HI 

Using a non-partisan election process would keep the candidates from telling too much about which party they are affiliated with and when it came to key issues they would not be able to state their stance on the issue. This would pose a problem because then the people could possibly elect someone who could be against a specific issue that they supported. If the candidate isn't able to say who or what party they affiliate with most democrats might vote republican and vice versa.